[Concept Entry]interfaces go (#1708)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/interfaces/interfaces.md

Interfaces are implemented implicitly.
Interfaces enable polymorphism in Go.

## Example

```go

package main

import (
	"fmt"
)

type marriage interface {
	love()
	arranged()
}

type john struct{}

func (a *john) love() {
	fmt.Println("love with john")
}

func (a *john) arranged() {
	fmt.Println("arranged marriage with john")
}

type max struct{}

func (a *max) love() {
	fmt.Println("love with max")
}

func (a *max) arranged() {
	fmt.Println("arranged marriage with max")
}

func newLife(guy marriage) {
	guy.love()
	guy.arranged()
}

func main() {
	newLife(&john{})
	newLife(&max{})
}

```

Output:

```bash

love with john
arranged marriage with john
love with max
arranged marriage with max

```

In the above example, 
 - The `marriage` interface has two methods `love` and `arranged`.
 - Structs `john` and `max` implements the `marriage` interface , note that neither `john` nor `max` has any explicit declaration to implement the interface.
 - As long as the struct has all the methods in the interface, it is said to implement the interface.
 - function `newLife` takes `marriage` interface as an argument.
 - It's possible to call the `newLife` function with `john` and `max` structs.

> > Advantage of using interface is that we can pass any struct which implements the `marriage` interface to the `newLife` function. and it is possible to  change the implementation of the `love` and `arranged` methods in the `john` and `max` structs without affecting the `newLife` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of using an interface is that any struct can be passed to the `newLife` function as long as it implements the `marriage` interface. and it is possible to  change the implementation of the `love` and `arranged` methods in the `john` and `max` structs without affecting the `newLife` function.
```

> > It is also possible to make a new type and `newLife` can use it without changing the `newLife` function as long as the new type implements the `marriage` interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to make a new type and `newLife` can use it without changing the `newLife` function as long as the new type implements the `marriage` interface.
```

Go's compiler will ensure that all the methods in the interface are implemented in the struct.

## Empty Interface

An interface with no methods is called an empty interface.

```go
type interfaceName interface {}
```

> Tradeoff of using empty interface is lose of type safety as there are no methods its possible to pass any type to the function which takes empty interface as an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tradeoff of using an empty interface is the loss of type safety.  As there are no methods, it's possible to pass any type to a function that takes an empty interface as an argument.
```

> Example: Println function in fmt package takes empty interface as an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example

The `Println` function in the `fmt` package takes an empty interface as an argument.
```

> ### go source code for fmt.Println function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the go source code for the `fmt.Println` function:
```

```go
// Println formats using the default formats for its operands and writes to standard output.
// Spaces are always added between operands and a newline is appended.
// It returns the number of bytes written and any write error encountered.
func Println(a ...interface{}) (n int, err error) {
	return Fprintln(os.Stdout, a...)
}
```

> > due to the empty interface, we can pass any type to the `Println` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> ##Note:** due to the empty interface, we can pass any type to the `Println` function.
```

> An interface in go can be embedded in other interfaces or structs.

Reviewer: Move this line (124) to after the header at line 126.

> ### Embedding interface in a struct and another interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Embedding an Interface
```

func (a john) love() {
	fmt.Println("love with john")
}

func (a john) arranged() {
	fmt.Println("arranged marriage with john")
}
func (a john) compatibility() {
	fmt.Println("compatible with john")
}

type parents struct {
	//named marriage interface
	m     marriage
	quote string
}

type lovers struct {
	//unnamed marriage interface
	marriage
	quote string
}

func main() {
	a := john{age: 24}
	p := parents{quote: "I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more", m: a}
	
	//p.love()
	//as this has named marriage interface m calling directly with .m would raise compiler error
	/*-----------------------ERROR-----*---------------------------*/
	// ./prog.go:39:4: p.love undefined (type parents has no field or method love)

	p.m.love()
	p.m.compatibility()
	p.m.arranged()

	l := lovers{quote: "I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more", marriage: a}
	fmt.Println("\n", l.quote, "\n")
	//its possible to directly access the methods of embedded interface if the embedded interface is anonymous or unnamed.
	l.love()
	l.compatibility()
	l.arranged()
}

```

> ## output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example results in the following output:
```

```shell

love with john
compatible with john
arranged marriage with john

 I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more 

love with john
compatible with john
arranged marriage with john

Program exited.

```

> ## codebyte example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Codebyte Example
```

> ```codebyte/golang

Reviewer: There needs to be an actual interface example in the Codebyte, with an explanation of what it does.

Reviewer 2: okay

---

> Title: 'interfaces'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'Interfaces'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Control Flow'
  - 'interfaces'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/back-end-engineer-career-path'
---

An interace is a set of method signatures.

```go

type InterfaceName interface {
    method() return_type
}

```

A type implements an interface by implementing its methods.
Interfaces are implemented implicitly.
Interfaces enable polymorphism in Go.

## Example

```go

package main

import (
    "fmt"
)

type marriage interface {
    love()
    arranged()
}

type john struct{}

func (a *john) love() {
    fmt.Println("love with john")
}

func (a *john) arranged() {
    fmt.Println("arranged marriage with john")
}

type max struct{}

func (a *max) love() {
    fmt.Println("love with max")
}

func (a *max) arranged() {
    fmt.Println("arranged marriage with max")
}

func newLife(guy marriage) {
    guy.love()
    guy.arranged()
}

func main() {
    newLife(&john{})
    newLife(&max{})
}

```

Output:

```bash

love with john
arranged marriage with john
love with max
arranged marriage with max

```

In the above example,

- The `marriage` interface has two methods `love` and `arranged`.

> - Structs `john` and `max` implements the `marriage` interface , note that neither `john` nor `max` has any explicit declaration to implement the interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Structs `john` and `max` implement the `marriage` interface. Note that neither `john` nor `max` has any explicit declaration to implement the interface.
```

- As long as the struct has all the methods in the interface, it is said to implement the interface.

> - function `newLife` takes `marriage` interface as an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The function `newLife` takes a `marriage` interface as an argument.
```

- It's possible to call the `newLife` function with `john` and `max` structs.

> The advantage of using an interface is that any struct can be passed to the `newLife` function as long as it implements the `marriage` interface. and it is possible to change the implementation of the `love` and `arranged` methods in the `john` and `max` structs without affecting the `newLife` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of using an interface is that any struct can be passed to the `newLife` function as long as it implements the `marriage` interface. It is possible to change the implementation of the `love` and `arranged` methods in the `john` and `max` structs without affecting the `newLife` function.
```

    p := parents{quote: "I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more", m: a}

    //p.love()
    //as this has named marriage interface m calling directly with .m would raise compiler error
    /*-----------------------ERROR-----*---------------------------*/
    // ./prog.go:39:4: p.love undefined (type parents has no field or method love)

    p.m.love()
    p.m.compatibility()
    p.m.arranged()

    l := lovers{quote: "I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more", marriage: a}
    fmt.Println("\n", l.quote, "\n")
    //its possible to directly access the methods of embedded interface if the embedded interface is anonymous or unnamed.
    l.love()
    l.compatibility()
    l.arranged()
}

```

This example results in the following output:

```shell

love with john
compatible with john
arranged marriage with john

 I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more

love with john
compatible with john
arranged marriage with john

Program exited.

```

## Codebyte Example

> ```codebyte/golang

Reviewer 3: I think if we covered a simple interface in the previous examples and we want to include a code byte, we can display some extra functionality here.

> ```codebyte/golang

Author: @yangc95  can you eloborate i didnt get this

> ```codebyte/golang

Author: extra functionality hmm i didnt covered about few things like interface conversion,applied interfaces n stuff but if i just add code reg tht in codebyte without explaination it wont make sense...

what extra functionality are you referring to?

if you meant things like interface conversion n applied interfaces or anything more depth in interfaces i will make another PR after this as enhancement to interfaces and add things there with more explaination.

> ```codebyte/golang

Reviewer 3: Any enhancements would be great. As a base though, I think it would be good to set this concept up by breaking down how to create, and then implement interfaces. Within the create section, we can talk about syntax and give an example.

Then, in the implementation section, we can talk about how to implement an interface. Here, we can include the examples you've written so far with the addition of some meaningful explanation as to how the interface is being implemented. I think this is a better explanation.

---
Title: 'Interfaces'
Description: 'An interface is a set of method signatures.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Control Flow'
  - 'Interfaces'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/back-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> An interface is a set of method signatures.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An interface is composed of set of method signatures. These method signatures define the input and return values of which a data type or structure can conform to. In order to implement an interface, the type or structure must satisfy all the defined method signatures.
```

> ```go

Reviewer 3: Can we create an h2 here that is along the lines of "Creating an Interface" and nest the relevant code and text underneath

---
Title: 'Interfaces'
Description: 'An interface is a set of method signatures.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Control Flow'
  - 'Interfaces'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/back-end-engineer-career-path'
---

An interface is composed of set of method signatures. These method signatures define the input and return values of which a data type or struct can conform to. In order to implement an interface, the type or struct must satisfy all the defined method signatures.

## Creating an Interface

```go
type InterfaceName interface {
    method() return_type
}
```

> A type implements an interface by implementing its methods, In `Go`, interfaces are implemented implicitly and enables polymorphism.

Reviewer 3: @Pavan-04-08 One more thing. Can we first go over an example of a simple implementation and move this part about polymorphism below? In the next iteration we can go into polymorphism a bit more

### Example

```go
package main

import (
  "fmt"
)

type marriage interface {
  love()
  arranged()
}

type john struct{}

func (a *john) love() {
  fmt.Println("love with john")
}

func (a *john) arranged() {
  fmt.Println("arranged marriage with john")
}

type max struct{}

func (a *max) love() {
  fmt.Println("love with max")
}

func (a *max) arranged() {
  fmt.Println("arranged marriage with max")
}

func newLife(guy marriage) {
  guy.love()
  guy.arranged()
}

func main() {
  newLife(&john{})
  newLife(&max{})
}
```

Output:

```shell
love with john
arranged marriage with john
love with max
arranged marriage with max
```

> In the above example:

Author: @yangc95  if you meant explaination to above example its given here.... heading is it just comes under creating an interface hm n yeah it makes more sense to move line abt polymorphism down will do tht

Reviewer 3: @Pavan-04-08 This is more for pedagogical reasons. Creating an interface can be broken down into how to create an interface (with the interface keyword) and then how to implement an interface (wether that be done using a type or structure)

It would be good to show just one example first and keep only one `struct` (John or max) to better display this. Don't forget to adjust the example below to match!

If you disagree or have concerns, I'd love to discuss more

Author: @yangc95  ok... i got what you trying to say 
i would like to suggest something like https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java/array-list
if we are going to keep things simpler doing like above like say array-list methods are not written in same page as rraylist definition 

likewise we can make interfaces too

on interfaces.md ---->interfaces explaintion with single struct n two structs
and then similar to arraylist methods at down on page
we can do for interfaces like say
empty interface
embedding interface with structs
interface conversion...etc

Author: in this way we can be more details about things ig even if we dont add it would be like not overwhelming for a newbie who is lookin at docs here (in any case) as he go step by step instead of seeing a chunk abt interfaces at one place

Reviewer 3: @Pavan-04-08 I think another issue here is that repeating the same examples (but with different names e.g., John and max) don't provide additional value or any new information here.

I can assist you with this change as well, if you give me a thumbs up 👍 

In addition, I noticed that you have many commits on this PR. If this is cumbersome, there's an option to add it to a batch, allowing you to push everything up in one commit. Hope this helps

Go's compiler will ensure that all the methods in the interface are implemented in the `struct`.

A type implements an interface by implementing its methods, In `Go`, interfaces are implemented implicitly and enables polymorphism.

## Empty Interface

An interface with no methods is called an empty interface.

```go
type interfaceName interface {}
```

The tradeoff of using an empty interface is the loss of type safety. Since there are no methods, it's possible to pass any type to a function that takes an empty interface as an argument.

### Example

The `Println()` function in the `fmt` package takes an empty interface as an argument.

Below is the Go source code for the `fmt.Println()` function:

```go
// Println formats using the default formats for its operands and writes to standard output.
// Spaces are always added between operands and a newline is appended.
// It returns the number of bytes written and any write error encountered.
func Println(a ...interface{}) (n int, err error) {
    return Fprintln(os.Stdout, a...)
}
```

> **Note:** Due to the empty interface, any type can be passed to the `Println()` function.

## Embedding an Interface

> An interface in go can be embedded in other interfaces or structs.

Author: @yangc95  one of the benefit for the approach i said at https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/pull/1708#discussion_r1162217190 
would be as you can see in the below example i just put embeding interface in anthr interface n struct in 1 single example we can divide this into two diff examples ....

---
Title: 'Interfaces'
Description: 'An interace is a set of method signatures.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Control Flow'
  - 'Interfaces'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/back-end-engineer-career-path'
---

An interace is a set of method signatures.

```go

type InterfaceName interface {
    method() return_type
}

```

A type implements an interface by implementing its methods.
Interfaces are implemented implicitly.

> Interfaces enable polymorphism in Go.

Author: yeah will change

## Example

```go

package main

import (
    "fmt"
)

type marriage interface {
    love()
    arranged()
}

type john struct{}

func (a *john) love() {
    fmt.Println("love with john")
}

func (a *john) arranged() {
    fmt.Println("arranged marriage with john")
}

type max struct{}

func (a *max) love() {
    fmt.Println("love with max")
}

func (a *max) arranged() {
    fmt.Println("arranged marriage with max")
}

func newLife(guy marriage) {
    guy.love()
    guy.arranged()
}

func main() {
    newLife(&john{})
    newLife(&max{})
}

```

Output:

```bash

love with john
arranged marriage with john
love with max
arranged marriage with max

```

In the above example,

- The `marriage` interface has two methods `love` and `arranged`.
- Structs `john` and `max` implement the `marriage` interface. Note that neither `john` nor `max` has any explicit declaration to implement the interface.

> - As long as the struct has all the methods in the interface, it is said to implement the interface.

Author: isn't structure and struct basically same? even in official docs they refered it as `struct` https://go.dev/tour/moretypes/2

> - As long as the struct has all the methods in the interface, it is said to implement the interface.

Reviewer 3: Yeah they're definitively the same, I do suggest that if you want to mention structure as a keyword, you place them in backticks. So either use structure or `struct`. This is mainly a formatting preference for Docs

It is also possible to make a new type and `newLife` can use it without changing the `newLife` function as long as the new type implements the `marriage` interface.

Go's compiler will ensure that all the methods in the interface are implemented in the struct.

## Empty Interface

An interface with no methods is called an empty interface.

```go
type interfaceName interface {}
```

The tradeoff of using an empty interface is the loss of type safety. As there are no methods, it's possible to pass any type to a function that takes an empty interface as an argument.

### Example

The `Println` function in the `fmt` package takes an empty interface as an argument.

Below is the go source code for the `fmt.Println` function:

```go
// Println formats using the default formats for its operands and writes to standard output.
// Spaces are always added between operands and a newline is appended.
// It returns the number of bytes written and any write error encountered.
func Println(a ...interface{}) (n int, err error) {
    return Fprintln(os.Stdout, a...)
}
```

> > ##Note:\*\* due to the empty interface, we can pass any type to the `Println` function.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Due to the empty interface, any type can be passed to the `Println()` function.
```

## Embedding an Interface

> An interface in go can be embedded in other interfaces or structs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An interface in Go can be embedded in other interfaces or structures.
```

```go
package main

import "fmt"

> // any type that need to implement marriage should also implement all methods of dating

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
// Any type that needs to implement marriage should also implement all methods of dating.
```

type marriage interface {
    dating
    love()
    arranged()
}

type dating interface {
    compatibility()
}

type john struct {
    age int
}

func (a john) love() {
    fmt.Println("love with john")
}

func (a john) arranged() {
    fmt.Println("arranged marriage with john")
}
func (a john) compatibility() {
    fmt.Println("compatible with john")
}

type parents struct {
    //named marriage interface
    m     marriage
    quote string
}

type lovers struct {
    //unnamed marriage interface
    marriage

>     quote string

Reviewer 3: Fix any typos here and capitalize comments

Author: ok

    //p.love()
    //as this has named marriage interface m calling disquarely with .m would raise compiler error
    /*-----------------------ERROR-----*---------------------------*/
    // ./prog.go:39:4: p.love undefined (type parents has no field or method love)

    p.m.love()
    p.m.compatibility()
    p.m.arranged()

    l := lovers{quote: "I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more", marriage: a}
    fmt.Println("\n", l.quote, "\n")
    //its possible to disquarely access the methods of embedded interface if the embedded interface is anonymous or unnamed.
    l.love()
    l.compatibility()
    l.arranged()
}

```

This example results in the following output:

```shell

love with john
compatible with john
arranged marriage with john

 I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more

love with john
compatible with john
arranged marriage with john

Program exited.

```

## Codebyte Example

A simple example on how to use interfaces

> square and circle both implement geometry interface as both square and circle implements area and perimeter methods

Reviewer 3: Can we combine this with the line above?

Author: yeah will change

---
Title: 'Interfaces'
Description: 'An interface is a set of method signatures.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Control Flow'
  - 'Interfaces'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/back-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> <h2>Creating an Interface</h2>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##Creating an Interface
```

> <h2>Creating an Interface</h2>

Reviewer 3: Can we move this? It should follow the introductory paragraph. Also, no need to use HTML formatting, we'll stick to markdown with the hashtags or pound symbol `##` (what I meant by h2)

> An interface is composed of set of method signatures. These method signatures define the input and return values of which a data type or struct can conform to. In order to implement an interface, the type or struct must satisfy all the defined method signatures.

Reviewer 3: Here, I do mean structure as in [data structure](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/data-structures), not `struct`.

```go
type InterfaceName interface {
    method() return_type
}
```

> A type implements an interface by implementing its methods, In `Go` Interfaces are implmented implicitly and they also enable polymorphism.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A type implements an interface by implementing its methods, In `Go`, interfaces are implemented implicitly and enables polymorphism.
```

> ## Example

Reviewer 3: If this example is part of the creating an interface section, we'll use h3's

```suggestion
### Example
```

```go

> package main
> 
> import (
>     "fmt"
> )
> 
> type marriage interface {
>     love()
>     arranged()
> }
> 
> type john struct{}
> 
> func (a *john) love() {
>     fmt.Println("love with john")
> }
> 
> func (a *john) arranged() {
>     fmt.Println("arranged marriage with john")
> }
> 
> type max struct{}
> 
> func (a *max) love() {
>     fmt.Println("love with max")
> }
> 
> func (a *max) arranged() {
>     fmt.Println("arranged marriage with max")
> }
> 
> func newLife(guy marriage) {
>     guy.love()
>     guy.arranged()
> }
> 
> func main() {
>     newLife(&john{})
>     newLife(&max{})
> }

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
package main

import (
  "fmt"
)

type marriage interface {
  love()
  arranged()
}

type john struct{}

func (a *john) love() {
  fmt.Println("love with john")
}

func (a *john) arranged() {
  fmt.Println("arranged marriage with john")
}

type max struct{}

func (a *max) love() {
  fmt.Println("love with max")
}

func (a *max) arranged() {
  fmt.Println("arranged marriage with max")
}

func newLife(guy marriage) {
  guy.love()
  guy.arranged()
}

func main() {
  newLife(&john{})
  newLife(&max{})
}
```

```

Output:

```shell
love with john
arranged marriage with john
love with max
arranged marriage with max
```

In the above example:

> - The `marriage` interface has two methods `love` and `arranged`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The `marriage` interface has two methods: `love` and `arranged`.
```

- `john` and `max` implement the `marriage` interface. Note that neither `john` nor `max` have any explicit declaration to implement the interface.

> - As long as the struct has all the methods in the interface, it is said to implement the interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- As long as the `struct` has all the methods in the interface, it is said to implement the interface.
```

- The function `newLife()` takes a `marriage` interface as an argument.

> - It's possible to call `newLife()` with the `john` and `max` structs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- It's possible to call `newLife()` with the `john` and `max` structures.
```

> The advantage of using an interface is that any `struct` can be passed to the `newLife()` function as long as it implements the `marriage` interface. It is possible to change the implementation of the `love` and `arranged` methods in the `john` and `max` structs without affecting the `newLife()` function.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The advantage of using an interface is that any `struct` can be passed to the `newLife()` function as long as it implements the `marriage` interface. It is possible to change the implementation of the `love` and `arranged` methods in the `john` and `max` structures without affecting the `newLife()` function.
```

Below is the Go source code for the `fmt.Println()` function:

```go
// Println formats using the default formats for its operands and writes to standard output.
// Spaces are always added between operands and a newline is appended.
// It returns the number of bytes written and any write error encountered.
func Println(a ...interface{}) (n int, err error) {
    return Fprintln(os.Stdout, a...)
}
```

>**Note:** Due to the empty interface, any type can be passed to the `Println()` function.

## Embedding an Interface

An interface in go can be embedded in other interfaces or structs.

```go
package main

import "fmt"

// Any type that needs to implement marriage should also implement all methods of dating.
type marriage interface {
    dating
    love()
    arranged()
}

type dating interface {
    compatibility()
}

type john struct {
    age int
}

func (a john) love() {
    fmt.Println("love with john")
}

func (a john) arranged() {
    fmt.Println("arranged marriage with john")
}
func (a john) compatibility() {
    fmt.Println("compatible with john")
}

type parents struct {
    //Named marriage interface
    m     marriage
    quote string
}

type lovers struct {

>     //Unnamed marriage interface

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // Unnamed marriage interface
```

    marriage
    quote string
}

func main() {
    a := john{age: 24}
    p := parents{quote: "I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more", m: a}

>     //p.love()
>     //as this has named marriage interface m calling disquarely with .m would raise compiler error
>     /*-----------------------ERROR-----*---------------------------*/
>     // ./prog.go:39:4: p.love undefined (type parents has no field or method love)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // p.love()
    // As this has named marriage interface m calling disquarely with .m would raise compiler error
    /*-----------------------ERROR-----*---------------------------*/
    // ./prog.go:39:4: p.love undefined (type parents has no field or method love)
```

    p.m.love()
    p.m.compatibility()
    p.m.arranged()

    l := lovers{quote: "I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more", marriage: a}
    fmt.Println("\n", l.quote, "\n")

>     //its possible to disquarely access the methods of embedded interface if the embedded interface is anonymous or unnamed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // It's possible to disquarely access the methods of embedded interface if the embedded interface is anonymous or unnamed.
```

    l.love()
    l.compatibility()
    l.arranged()
}

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

```

This example results in the following output:

```shell

> 
> love with john
> compatible with john
> arranged marriage with john
> 
>  I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more
> 
> love with john
> compatible with john
> arranged marriage with john
> 
> Program exited.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
love with john
compatible with john
arranged marriage with john

I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more

love with john
compatible with john
arranged marriage with john

Program exited.
```
